*The project is in the develop branch.*



**Zendesk module generator with VueJs and Quasar Framework components**

This generator that I created allows to facilitate the design of zendesk modules via VueJs and the use of components of the  [Quasar framework](https://quasar.dev/).

[Zendesk](https://www.zendesk.com/) is a SAAS customer service software. It allows, among other things, to manage phone calls or chat conversations with customers or future customers.

The creation of custom modules have to be done according to a certain structure and only in HTML/CSS and Javascript. I developed this small "Module Builder" based on the VueJS library in order to be able to develop more complex modules in a faster way. I also added the possibility to manually import the components of the Quasar framework which is a stable and very complete framework. You can of course import the component library you want.

**How does it work ?**

- To start, install all the dependencies needed to develop zendesk applications and read the documentation to understand the next steps.
	- [Install zendesk apps tools](https://develop.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360001075048-Installing-and-using-the-Zendesk-apps-tools)
	- [Apps developer Guide](https://developer.zendesk.com/apps/docs/developer-guide/getting_started)
- The zendesk modules must be declared in a manifest file.
- Once the modules are declared, run `npm run generate`.
- The `filesGenerator.js` file is then executed and generates the source `.JS` files as well as the basic components. You can look in the `filesGenerator.js` file, that's where you can add different libraries to the template if you want.
- You can also (see my project file) add **vue-router** in the `.js` file generated by the `filesGenerator.js` or other **vueJS** plugins.
- Once the project is finished, run `npm run create`. This will compile and generate the final files in the `"./dist"` directory and then run `npm run package` which will create the `".zip"` file to uploade in your zendesk module manager. 
- 
Now all you have to do is code!


*The current webpack configuration allows you to generate the final files needed for the app to work properly, but also tries to optimize the fluidity of the app as much as possible. If you don't know how to use webpack, please don't modify the `webpack.config.js` file.*

